I
plastic
my Barbie let's go party I'm
hmm and the moon is full what is going
on who was up on the roof
heavy zoo what is everything good on the
wrong I do not know oh wait did you
pervs talking / oh my god what's going
on why would leave blame her than the
one goodbye Jiraiya I will see you
tomorrow
oh yeah baby oh my god dryer something
to do with them of the tote 80 look in
the roof
the shy aren't mad wait who is uh oh god
I love Gaara how are you doing i am so
email no I'm emo I am Eva I'm Daniel
email and everybody who is this person
walking towards me imbecile
for the sound ninja I come for your
penis don't mean oh yeah why give it to
me know we'll never get it did you are
not worthy that's being good you suck
you know that's how give me you ink to
the ninja what